Update SECURITY.md (#5231)
input-output-hk/ouroboros-network: SECURITY.md

# Security Vulnerability Disclosure Policy

## Introduction

> The Cardano open source project (xxx) is committed to ensuring the security of

Reviewer: Do you mean:
```suggestion
The Cardano open source project `ouroboros-network` is committed to ensuring the security of
```

its software and the privacy of its users. We value the contributions
of the security community in helping us identify and address
vulnerabilities in our code. This Security Vulnerability Disclosure
Policy outlines how security vulnerabilities should be reported and
how we will respond to and remediate such reports.

## Security Vulnerability Handling Process

### Reporting a Vulnerability

> If you discover a security vulnerability in xxxx, we encourage you to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you discover a security vulnerability in `ouroboros-network`, we encourage you to
```

responsibly disclose it to us. To report a vulnerability, please use
the [private reporting form on

> GitHub](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/security/advisories/new)

Reviewer: We certainly shouldn't use `input-output-hk/mithril`.  What I suggest below is also wrong since it's `404`:
```suggestion
GitHub](https://github.com/IntersectMBO/ouroboros-network/security/advisories/new)
```

Reviewer: The link I posted is 404, and there's no way to create a new advisory in the [`ouroboros-network` repo](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/security/advisories).  You'll need to configure it correctly.

to draft a new _Security advisory_.

Please include as much details as needed to clearly qualify the issue:

- A description of the vulnerability and its potential impact.
- Steps to reproduce the vulnerability.

> - The version of `xxxx` package where the vulnerability exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The name and version of one of the packages in `ouroboros-network` repository where the vulnerability exists.
```

## Responsible Disclosure

We kindly request that reporters adhere to responsible disclosure
practices, which include:

- **Do not disclose the vulnerability publicly**: Please refrain from
  posting details of the vulnerability on public forums or social
  media until it has been resolved.
- **Do not exploit the vulnerability**: Do not attempt to exploit the
  vulnerability to cause harm or gain unauthorized access to systems.
- **Work with us**: Allow us a reasonable amount of time to
  investigate and address the vulnerability before publicly disclosing
  any details.

## Legal Protections

We will not pursue legal action against individuals who
report security vulnerabilities to us.

## Contact Information

To report a security vulnerability, please use [GitHub
form]((add project github form for your project)). Should you experience any issues reporting via GitHub or have other questions, Please contact [Security](security@intersectmbo.org).

## Revision of Policy

This Security Vulnerability Disclosure Policy may be updated or
revised as necessary. Please check the latest version of this policy

> on the [xxxx repository]((add link for your project)).

Reviewer: Please fix the link.
